Game (head) ....... People love the game
New video game See for ratings!
Everyone loves the game, saying it's a tough game but I have it easy
One question ?
simple
Is it?
Just?
Like Dark Soles the hardest game in the world after I'm lost, I lost them 90 times in the first stage Haha
Such as Dark Sols, Shooting Games or Dark Soles
DarkSolez Chappe Fire Watch - The Crash Game has become a difficulty for Dark Soles
Dark Soles in Space Joking
The air of nature is a little like the Dark Soles - all the games are like Dark Soles
Visit Boligon's favorite world page and discover
It is very difficult
she
Is it like Dark Soles?
From 2D shooters?
Oh really!!
Polygon You're wrong because I made some adjustments
I wrote the journal myself and found some evidence to make it clear
These clips are from
I play a journalist and I will not name him and he has spent twenty-five years of his life
In writing about entertaining games
This is an explanation game play. I certainly love the game's amazing directions
You know that he could not do this jump, I have not played the game yet
So I do not know exactly
But you seem to know that nasty in the game.
I am a big fan of cartoon art
In the 1920s and 1930s
It's something I've used in my channel
Feeling warm and nostalgic
Only design and attention to detail is really unthinkable!
Seeing how to integrate this and form it into a game that knows this is a very creative idea
It is easy to say that they made a great effort to put the most accurate details and make this possible
I did it yes ...
Thank you to the Lord - In a defense of the attack on him the man said that those who attack him have not played the game yet
"They told me faithfully the first 26 minutes of the game so I would do what the journalist said (filming 26 minutes of play)
You are about to watch Beydipay playing his first 26 minutes of Cap Head game
Non-produced (you will not be too lazy)
Video is a complete
I have a lot of stuff to do today and I do not have time to edit the video. I'm sorry I'm very nervous and busy
Maybe come on really tough
Well Well Well, here we are, this is the explanation of the game
God! - I did not know that pressing the Shift button until
- God - it's cold - it's cold - it's cold - it's cold - it's cold - it's cold - it's cold - it's cold.
Probably the hardest
I do not mean to look like an elitist or whether people are bad, in games. I could not care less, but if I was writing reviews
About the Games How anyone can trust what you say when you clearly do not care to play a game
Correct and good
How can you struggle with this you do not even have to press the direction ... correct
I love it, this game is very beautiful
Hey, do you know why? This game is just like the 'Legend of the Brofist'! Can you buy stuff?
Oh my God, this is so cool. Extra beating points? Okay.
I love everything about music just because you die and explode or whatever is so cool.
I think this is my first honest 26
Honest minute
It's very tough, I'm not lying
I was surprised and I made this much.
I must, I must be a very lucky look at these skills. I have not played until 25 years
I played more like
Got them
, Wait, those I can see, I forgot. I thought they were enemies
Did not I just take the damage? In Dar Sok, it does not work like that
Hey look at it. He did jump
My God is seriously what this game is impossible
no
Are you kidding me, and you're up to it ... it's all?
You better be flirting
Fine you know just fine I died at the first level Everyone needs to relax
What is this leader
There you go look at that look at those left and right skills
My God
Why did not I go for one coin?
I was right at the end I knew what you know what, yes the game is tough, whatever
This shit is really embarrassing there are things everywhere cold in Malaysia
Hey look Yeah look at it when did you take me 26 minutes? It's Hell Yeah
Gimme that A +, A + Gimmie that
Come on A +, I'm a plus gamer, everyone knows it, A +, and - sure he's Biekhad B
This game is just like dark souls. That's just it
Well it could have been really embarrassing
What
Is this leader?
So I think that this game was originally supposed to be just like a game of a leader or whatever
But he received a lot of attention that they want to make the game complete
Which I am glad they did, this reminds us of Sonic too much. This game is just like the Dark Souls Sonic Edition
This is wonderful
Well okay whatever, no matter how zero deaths, well do not count
What the hell that makes no sense
Do you know what they are, fine do not want to play stupid leader anyway stupid stupid games no matter what the game is whatever. Well, shut up
What do we have here?
The thing to remember is that with all the old games used to be as hard as once a day
I've never been able to finish a lot of games that I played like Donkey Kong Country or whatever
But that does not mean I enjoyed less think at the moment when developers have much statistics on everything they know quite well
Whether the person finished the game or not what places he died most on
I just created this attitude that everyone should be able to finish the game otherwise,
It's not a good game, when that's not necessarily true at all
This is just my opinion
Difficulty in games. This leader is crazy dude looks very cool.
Fight the Illuminati carrot?
'Cause if so, I run
Hey, it's a first knockout right of death just zero zero deaths just like dark souls, just like the spirit of darkness
Give me that A + FA (sure it's BJ + B)
But you have to parry three times to get - what - all
Level five skill
Level skills, consider this skill level. I knew I loved him before you played but cursed
love it. Damn you gotta have at least a divine reaction to dealing with this leader
I'm guessing I have to shoot these
Oh no
What happens What do I do?
Well this one is hard, dude. You never know what gonna happen-ok we're in good shape. What the hell, my God
what should I do?
I think we have to Barry it? Oh well there we go.
What do I get for a frog? Got the frog, excellent. Stop!
I mean hey hey hey hey
very nice! Come on. Give me something good
Tiger Hey
Wonderful
Hey Laurie, Gah! Uh!
Yes
another one
No, are you kidding me ???
Die in the easy part I think I should do it three times
But man, I can not this is difficult !!
It goes faster! My speed is non-agricultural, oh I did it
Last one - stupid coin!
Come on stupid game!
Please give me a challenge
O match a little tough. Very difficult game
No god damn boys. Give me balls. I do not even know how these work
It's all knockout, zero death, zero! Just like journalists have zero skills.
My Jah! Look at that first attempt, which was the first look try in it. What do you mean I was not Barry?
what do you mean? Why do I have to parry? That was ten out of ten, baby!
Get Weta here. How can I Barry seriously? I do not know how Barry Barry was not in the games. Okay? I never do
Really another dude leader, how many leaders there?
How do I die? Oh, I have to defend
Well okay okay? How can I get rid of it? Barry got them right?
do not touch! do not touch! Yachmar Laatlas
But I did three times Barry did not I? This is just like tennis, you know you go, then go back then go
Victory First try everyone, try first. Thanks. Defend the Earth just like Dark Soles
Oh boy! You know that this is the only thing in the game missing a creative voice representation
II I think I can do a good job at it
I love the game and I think it's very fun
I can not just wait to play more
But we're gonna end those there. Now you should expose them to anyone for being bad at games not at all
But the game must be judged differently because it is difficult
Get out of here
Go home, then you do not understand the man. Difficult games are not only there to make it challenging
It's to make it rewarding when you beat it is not clear?
Maybe this is obvious but in fact it does not seem to matter when you see every single media outlet
Compare tough games to dark souls because that's all that matters.
Do men read "all you need is kill?
It's manga based on the kind of the same concept. (By Anime and Manja where are you Yautaku)
He's every time ... The guy is not very good at fighting, you know.
But every time he dies he gets to try again
Then again, again and again soon will become such a master scenario of the war itself
The same thing with games
You know you do not necessarily have to make it on the first try then before its end
You're a master of this level and you just finished it, and you can get that feeling
Hell Yeah, I learned something that became better in something
This is what fun.
Anyway, this Cuphead lets you like if you enjoy watching the Malaysian squad to come out I wish you a wonderful translation Haha Norte Yaarb